Parr 
Rowena Parr 
Professor Akarapunchai
25SP-CIT174-200 | Adobe Dreamweaver
9 May 2025
The Inkling Shop Reflection


        The Inkling Shop is a small stationery business that operates out of Chicago. They are purveyors of locally-sourced art, cars, jewelry, and other gift giving items. While I looked through their page, I noticed a blog and images showing what types of products are in the store. However, there was no place to go and buy products. While thinking of how to create a website for the business, I kept in mind how to organize and center the site around friendliness and eye-catching appeal. I wanted to have their blog and social media as a page because there are more details of what is sold in the store. Their images are super bright and friendly, highly oriented to family members or loving cards. I wanted to keep that same type of design and warmth in my website. Their blog is simple but effective in creating a personal connection to the customers. 
        It took me a long time to figure out the design I wanted for the website. At first I had considered normal white pages with image features, but I decided to go with a 70s inspired flowery theme. I wanted each planned requirement to be a feature with its own page. Adding buttons and a contact us page added depth and context. It allows for people to be able to reach out about their future purchases and products. While my website is eye-catching, I had to ensure that it was still readable. Font on top of the flower pattern would be impossible to read, thus ruining user ease of access. I made sure that any text except the copyright at the bottom of the page would be on a blank page, as to aid with readability. I went with an off-white color to match the colors in the flowers. Every page has a color associated with the colors of the flowers in the background. I wanted the website to be fun, friendly, and warm. It may be lacking in professionalism, but I wanted it to feel personalized like the original blog. The intention was to draw people in with a sense of familiarity and friendliness. 
        The main challenges I faced was how I wanted to format the layout in the first place. My solution was to go to youtube, and find some tutorials that showed how to format my website. I honestly struggled for a few days trying to think of how I wanted to design the website in the first place. As soon as I was able to settle on a format, the html work and programming behind the website was easy. Since this was my first time using dreamweaver, I definitely had a learning curve in becoming familiar with features in dreamweaver. Utilizing the side bars as well as taking my time while designing helped to break down the production into manageable work chunks. By the end of creating, I was proud of what I was able to produce and how I used my problem solving skills to work through something I was unfamiliar with. 
        One thing I truly struggled with was proper communication. I did not enjoy using github, as I find its purpose to be useful as a middle man, rather than a direct connection. Instead of reaching out to my professor I pushed my way through the difficulty, when if I had reached out I would have likely not had to struggle as much as I did. I am happy at the end of this course to see the work I’ve put in, and how I’ve been able to grow in my abilities and skills in this course. It has been a bumpy ride, but with this being my first website I couldn’t be any happier.